Update Effort and Manual Testing sections in DG (#271)
AY2425S2-CS2103T-T12-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

| `*`      | Teaching Assistant | Track the progress for preparations of my teaching material   | Ensure it is completed before tutorials                                  |
| `*`      | Teaching Assistant | Plot a whisker plot of the current grade of my students       | Track their learning progress and identify stuggling students            |

> ## **Use cases**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **Appendix: Use cases**
```

1. Initial launch

   - Download the jar file and copy into an empty folder.

   - Double-click the jar file.
   

>    - Expected: Shows the GUI with a set of sample contacts.

Reviewer: I would call this expected result; same goes for the rest.
```suggestion
   - Expected result: Shows the GUI with a set of sample contacts.
```

2. Saving window preferences

   - Resize the window to an optimum size. Move the window to a different location. Close the window.

   - Re-launch the app by double-clicking the jar file.<br>
      
   - Expected: The most recent window size and location is retained.
  
### Adding a person

1. Adding person with valid fields

   - `add n/John Doe p/12345678 e/john@email.com a/123 Street`

   - `add n/John S/O Jonathan p/2345 e/john2@email.com a/1234 Street`

   - `add n/Doe O'Neil p/999 e/doe3@email.com a/Deer Street`

   - `add n/Mary-Jane Williams p/9876543210 e/mjwilliams@email.com a/Spidey Street`

>    - Expected: Students with specified details are added.

Reviewer: Use "Person" instead of "student"
```suggestion
   - Expected result: The persons with the specified details are added.
```

2. Adding person with invalid fields

    - `add n/Shawn p/12 e/john@email.com a/12 Street` (invalid phone number)

    - `add n/John Athan p/2345 e/john2.com a/34 Street` (invalid email)

    - `add n/Sean*Neil p/999 e/doe3@email.com a/Deer Street` (unsupported characters in name)

>     - Expected: Error messages for incorrect fields. Student not added.

Reviewer: Proper sentences
```suggestion
    - Expected result: The app displays error messages for the incorrect fields; the persons are not added.
```

### Deleting a person

1. Deleting a person while all persons are being shown

   - Prerequisites: List all persons using the `list` command. Group has at least 1 person.

   - Test case: Delete first person on the list `delete 1`<br>

      - Expected: First contact is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted contact shown in the status message. Timestamp in the status bar is updated.

>       - Person that was deleted from the list should also be removed from all group it was previously part of. Can be verified using `list-group` to see all the groups.

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
      - The deleted person should also be removed from all groups they were previously part of. This can be verified using `list-group` to see all the groups.
```

   - Test case: Delete with invalid index `delete 0`<br>

      - Expected: No person is deleted. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

### Adding a Group

1. Adding group with valid fields

   - `add-group n/G12`

>    - `add-group n/G13 t/CS2103`

Reviewer: There's missing expected results for this section:
```suggestion
   - `add-group n/G13 t/CS2103`
   - Expected result: The two groups are added and can be seen when running the `list-group` command.
```

### Manging Persons in Group

1. Adding a Person to a Group

>    - Prerequisites: Group G12 exist (see Adding a Group)

Reviewer: Add a hyperlink here to the previous section
```suggestion
   - Prerequisites: Group G12 exists (see [Adding a Group](#adding-a-group))
```

   - Test case: Add new person to existing group
  

>       - Add new person (from Adding a Person) `add n/Johnny p/91234 e/joony@gmail.com a/3 Kent Ridge Rd`

Reviewer: Add hyperlink to prev section
```suggestion
      - Add new person (from [Adding a Person](#adding-a-person)) `add n/Johnny p/91234 e/joony@gmail.com a/3 Kent Ridge Rd`
```

>       - Add person to Group `add-to-group n/Johnny g/G12`

Reviewer: Capitalization
```suggestion
      - Add the person to the group `add-to-group n/Johnny g/G12`
```

>       - Expected: Person Johnny should show up inside group G12 when using either `list-group` or `find-group` commands

Reviewer: Using  `show-group-details` here gives more variety
```suggestion
      - Expected result: Person Johnny should show up inside group G12 when using either `list-group` or `show-group-details` commands
```
